---
id: 202408051442
title: Essay 5
description: 
date: 2024-08-05
modified: 2024-08-06
tags:
  - 📥/🌱
---
From your reading in Chapter 15 (plus your other chapter and skim readings, and any other outside source you wish to include)....

i. Pick a scenario. Assume ministering to the same sex as you are.
- Men's group
- Women's group
- Youth group
- One-on-one discipleship

ii. Write a "transcript" of how you would approach dealing with sexuality and the church. The subject has been given to you and now you have the floor. Go for it. It can be an informal transcript (with the wordiness and grammar of a speech). It can be a combination of an outline, bullet list, and paragraphs. It can be a formal essay. About 4-5 pages in length.

iii. Specifically, this paper/transcript is about how would you share about the problem that the church has with human sexuality. What exactly is the problem? How did we get here? What can we do? How should we respond? What's wrong? What's right? What's next? This can be part experiential, but not much - unless, of course, you have had these conversations and are now reliving them with some added info and utility. Keep in it context of the topic of Christian Ethics. What is the battle the church faces? This is open-ended. Everyone's answer/approach is probably going to be different. This is dangerous ground. Read below.

******WARNING!
This is an informal essay on exploring the nature of the problem of sexuality with the church today. This is not a complete answer. Do not try to come to a completion. This is more like the beginning of a conversation. A background. A starter. Please, please, please - do not go where you do not need to go: both in context and in subject material. Singles - do not go looking for more here than you need to. Keep it simple, based on the backdrop presented in Chapter 15. Use this topic to strengthen your resolve and wisdom, not damage it. Be safe. If this is something you cannot do right now, then email me and we will work around it.

---

Every year, the young adult ministry in my church has a retreat, and on that retreat, there’s always a conference on dating and marriage. It’s a great idea, but every year, the questions are generally the same and at least half of the attendees are regulars. After the second or third time, it’s pretty easy to get annoyed with the usual “how do I know who’s the right one?” and “when should I start dating?” questions. At this point, most of us want to know the answers to more taboo questions like “is masturbation a sin?” and “what’s oral sex?” However, whenever these questions are added to the online questionaire, they get ignored and overlooked, why? If the church doesn’t answer these questions, the only other group to answer them would naturally be our friend group and the secular world. What’s wrong with asking these questions? After all, our pastors are there to help guide us to what the Bible says about the most important aspects of our lives, right? I think so, and I’m definately not afraid to ask these taboo questions out loud, especailly when everyone else is probably asking the same thing.

---

